Update Kafka and Kafka Consumer README and dashboard (#15141)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka/README.md

To collect Kafka consumer metrics, see the [kafka_consumer check][3].

> If you would benefit from visualizing the topology of your streaming data pipelines, or investigating localized bottlenecks within your data streams set up, check out [Data Streams Monitoring][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would benefit from visualizing the topology of your streaming data pipelines, or from investigating localized bottlenecks within your data streams setup, check out [Data Streams Monitoring][24].
```
